
When you ask 5 blind men or 500 blind men to talk about what is the elephant, they all will surely give different perspectives. Some will take opposite views and fight with each other. Others will take neutral views and keep quiet. But there will always be unanswered questions for everyone. For them everything seems to fit well together except one or two gaps and they pursue different explanations to fill those gaps. Actually scientists are crazy and useless people. They are factually stupid because they took a wrong process of understanding. 
However, they still turn out to be useful to the business people who are always hunting for tips and tricks to make more money or to become more powerful. It is not that the observations of all the blind fellows is wasted. They do have some utility for the useless business people. For example, someone may see elephant as a rope and that is useful to hit someone etc. This interest in making money or power makes one interested in these useless speculations too. For example, some companies invest very heavily in quantum mechanics because of the possibility of quantum computers. 
As Prabhupada says the observations and speculations of all these scientists is filled with error, cheating, imperfection and illusion. As far as some simple decisions are concerned we could rely on things like ChatGPT or scientists. In fact, now a days we do not have much alternatives except to accept the decisions of scientists. But sometimes the cost of such trust on science is very heavy, especially when we end up becoming more and more bound by material nature. Factually, we are paying a heavy price for this trust. Many have become atheists and they lost all wealth, health and happiness in life. All relationships are spoiled. 
A devotee serves Srimad Bhagavatam to understand the truths of this world. Self endeavors and speculations help the scientists and business people to make a lot of money and compete among themselves like hell and become very miserable. The devotees having accepted the pure knowledge of Bhagavatam, end up achieving highest goal of life. They develop their relationship with Krishna. 
It is unfortunate that we and our children are having to learn and read so much of non-sense. If we have faith, then we can protect our children. If we have to study any other literature, then it should be completely in connection with Krishna. 

After reading the subject matter one should get more clarity about one's relationship with Krishna. One should learn how to serve Krishna better. One should feel more inspired to serve Krishna. 
